Improve SPI performance (#1311)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGES.rst

--------------------
Contributors to this version: Éric Dupuis (:user:`coxipi`).

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* Standardized indices (``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_index`` and ``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_evapotranspiration_index``)  (:issue:`1270`, :issue:`1416`, :issue:`1474`, :pull:`1311`) were changed:
    * Optimized and noticeably faster calculation.
    * Can be computed in two steps: First compute fit parameters with ``xclim.indices.standardized_index_fit_params``, then use the output in the standardized indices functions.

>     * The standardized index values are now clipped to ±8.21. This reflects the ``float64`` precision of the computation when cumulative distributed function values are inverted to a normal distribution.

Author: There were two suggestions on the same line, I think the second one was dropped here, I will try to find it back

Author: ```suggestion
    * The standardized index values are now clipped to ±8.21. This reflects the ``float64`` precision of the computation when cumulative distributed function values are inverted to a normal distribution and avoids returning infinite values.
```

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Standardized indices (``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_index`` and ``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_evapotranspiration_index``)  (:issue:`1270`, :issue:`1416`, ,:pull:`1311`) were changed:
>     * More optimized
>     * Can be computed in two steps: First compute fit parameters with ``xclim.indices.standardized_index_fit_params``, then use the output in the standardized indices functions.
>     * The standardized index values are now clipped by ± 8.21.  This reflects the float64 precision of the computation when cdf values are inverted to a normal distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standardized indices (``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_index`` and ``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_evapotranspiration_index``)  (:issue:`1270`, :issue:`1416`, :pull:`1311`) were changed:
    * More optimized and noticeably faster calculation.
    * Can be computed in two steps: First compute fit parameters with ``xclim.indices.standardized_index_fit_params``, then use the output in the standardized indices functions.
    * The standardized index values are now clipped to ± 8.21. This reflects the ``float64`` precision of the computation when cumulative distributed function values are inverted to a normal distribution.
```
